Ipa interface overview (#1)
KevinUTAT/oneAPI-samples_wenkaixu_fork: DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/Tutorials/Features/ip_authoring_interfaces/component_interfaces_comparison/streaming-invocation/Readme.md

# Streaming Invocation and Conduit Arguments
This implementation uses a streaming invocation interface, and conduits to pass the input pointer arguments instead of the CSR. It uses a single, shared memory-mapped host data interface.

> This design show how to specify conduit interfaces using `annotated_arg`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This design also shows how to specify conduit interfaces using `annotated_arg`.
```

![](../assets/stream_kernel.svg)

## Invocation Interface - Streaming pipelined interface
In this design, the `SimpleVAdd` kernel uses a streaming pipelined invocation interface. This is explicitly specified using kernel properties. The following member function is added to the kernel functor to specify kernel properties:
```cpp
auto get(sycl::ext::oneapi::experimental::properties_tag) {
    return sycl::ext::oneapi::experimental::properties{
        sycl::ext::intel::experimental::streaming_interface<>,
        sycl::ext::intel::experimental::pipelined<1>
    };
}
```
The property `sycl::ext::intel::experimental::streaming_interface<>` configures a streaming invocation interface with a `ready_in` interface to allow down-stream components to backpressure. You can choose to remove the `ready_in` interface by using `sycl::ext::intel::experimental::streaming_interface_remove_downstream_stall` instead. If you omit this property, the compiler will configure your kernel with a register-mapped invocation interface.

> The property `sycl::ext::intel::experimental::pipelined<1>` specifies that this streaming interface is pipelined with an II of 1. Other valid parameterization are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The property `sycl::ext::intel::experimental::pipelined<1>` specifies that this streaming interface is pipelined with an II of 1. Other valid parameterizations are:
```

Author: VS Code complains `parameterizations` is not a word

> - **-1**: Pipeline the kernel, and automatically infer lowest possible II at target fMAX.

Reviewer 2: @broxigarchen what is the behaviour of the `pipelined` property if it's unspecified? does the compiler assume `pipelined<-1>`?

Reviewer: Yes

- **0**: Do not pipeline the kernel.
- **N (N> 0)**: Pipeline the kernel, and force the II of the kernel to be N.
> **Note**: `sycl::ext::intel::experimental::pipelined<>` property only supports kernels with a streaming invocation interface.

Detailed explanation of invocation interfaces can be found in this dedicated [Invocation Interfaces](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneAPI-samples/tree/master/DirectProgramming/C%2B%2BSYCL_FPGA/Tutorials/Features/experimental/invocation_interfaces) code sample.

## Data Interface

> In this design, all kernel arguments (`A_in`, `B_in`, `C_out`, `len`) are implemented as conduits. In kernels with a streaming invocation interface, all unannotated arguments will be implemented as conduits by default. In kernels with a register-mapped invocation interface, all unannotated arguments will be implemented in the control/status register by default. In this design, they are explicitly specified as conduits to demonstrate the `annotated_arg` wrappers with property `sycl::ext::oneapi::experimental::conduit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this design, all kernel arguments (`A_in`, `B_in`, `C_out`, `len`) are implemented as conduits. In kernels with a streaming invocation interface, all unannotated arguments will be implemented as conduits by default. In kernels with a register-mapped invocation interface, all unannotated arguments will be implemented in the control/status register by default. In this design, they are explicitly specified as conduits to demonstrate the `annotated_arg` wrapper with property `sycl::ext::intel::experimental::conduit`.
```
